there we are going to teach you today
make a refreshing lemonade
Wonderful
We're going to use three lemons.
let's use some leaves sheet
mint half a liter of water
It's just a little bit of milk.
will use only a little milk
it's more or less two fingers that the
two fingers milk
Let's use ice and they 'll do it now.
this recipe
Let's get the lemons goat.
let's cut in half in four pieces
now we're going to take that year off
of all before the four and we will do
that
hence we will put to beat and
place in the blender the
lemons and 3 to 4 billion
let's put the water a little water and
we hit it go let's go then
We finished, so now we go.
August put the pope looked like a
to add sugar to my taste.
I'm going to put about four
spoons of sugar, I do not like anything
very very sweet lie formigoni eu
I like to put the lid on
Now we're going to put this to jump.
I'll get to do one-handed
wii ae
Now we'll go with that then I'll do it.
so I'll stick everything and then I'll come back
I tell you to you how it was this
our refreshing lemonade with mint
Let's see if this lemonade is good
here she remembers very good to
water is the cane juice
Let's go, I'll comment on this.
It's so cool, what I do is good.
refreshing is very tasty
that milk little leaves
bitter lemonade and mint gives a
smell a special flavor
If you liked it, do not even share it.
suggestions do not like can criticize the
channel here is ours and until the next mega
kiss